Add compatibility matrix documentation (#2985)
liqotech/liqo: docs/installation/compatibility.md

# Compatibility Matrix

This page provides information about Liqo's compatibility with different Kubernetes providers.

```{admonition} Note
While the following list includes providers that we have specifically tested, Liqo should work with any Kubernetes-compliant distribution, although some provider-specific configurations might be required.
```

## Legend

> - ✅ Fully supported - All features work as expected

Reviewer: I think this icon may give problems to readability in table. What about using the same icon with different colors? Fully support green, mostly support blue and partial support yellow?

## Tested Provider Compatibility Table

| Provider | Status | Known Issues |
|----------|--------|--------------|
| Kubeadm (Calico) | ✅ | No known issues |
| Kubeadm (Cilium) | ✅ | No known issues |
| Kubeadm (Cilium with kube-proxy replacement) | 🟢 | `NodePortExposition` and `LoadBalancerExposition` |
| K3s | 🟢 | `RemoteExec` |
| K0s | ✅ | No known issues |
| AKS (Azure CNI Overlay) | 🟢 | `CrossClusterAPIServerInteraction` and `ExternalIPRemapping` |
| AKS (Azure CNI (Legacy)) | 🟢 | `CrossClusterAPIServerInteraction` and `NodePortExposition` |
| AKS (Kubenet) | 🟢 | `CrossClusterAPIServerInteraction` and `ExternalIPRemapping` |
| EKS | 🟢 | `CrossClusterAPIServerInteraction` and `ExternalIPRemapping` |
| GKE (Dataplane v1) | ✅ | No known issues |
| GKE (Dataplane v2) | 🟢 | `NodePortExposition` and `LoadBalancerExposition` |
| Aruba Cloud KaaS | ✅ | No known issues |
| OpenShift | 🔵 | **Work in progress**: all Liqo functionalities except for the networking module work as expected. The team is actively working on adding full networking support. You can still use it by [disabling the Network Module](AdvancedUseOnlyOffloadingDisableModule). |

> | *Your K8s Distribution* | 🟢 | Liqo is designed to work with most Kubernetes-compliant distributions. Your provider is likely supported, but may require specific configurations. |

Reviewer: I would suggest to put it in an admonition ("note")

### Help Us Improve

Have you tested Liqo with a provider not listed here?
We'd love to hear about your experience!
Join our [Slack community](https://liqo-io.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-h20212gg-g24YvN6MKiD9bacFeqZttQ) and share your test results.
Your feedback helps us improve Liqo's compatibility across different environments.

## Issues Reference

The following issues are known to affect the compatibility of Liqo with different Kubernetes providers:

> - `CrossClusterAPIServerInteraction`: The ability of offloaded pods to properly interact with the Kubernetes API server of the home cluster. This ensures that applications running in remote clusters can still access and manipulate Kubernetes resources (such as ConfigMaps, Secrets, or other custom resources) in their original cluster. Limitations in this area may impact applications that rely on the Kubernetes API for normal operation. See [here](../advanced/kubernetes-api.md) for more details.

Reviewer: what about talking about "consumer" cluster or "remote cluster"? Home cluster is a definition that has been deprecated if I remember well.

> - `RemoteExec`: The capability to execute commands in pods that have been offloaded to remote clusters, using `kubectl exec`. This feature is important for debugging, troubleshooting, and administrative tasks on pods running in remote clusters. When limited, administrators may face challenges in directly interacting with offloaded workloads.

Reviewer: I think this is too much, it is not our role to explain why a user should use the exec

> - `NodePortExposition`: The ability to make services accessible through NodePort when those services target pods that have been offloaded to remote clusters. This ensures that network traffic addressed to NodePort services in the home cluster is properly routed to the correct pods, even when those pods are running in remote clusters. Limitations here may affect external access to applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NodePortExposition`: The capability to access remote offloaded pods through NodePort services. This ensures that network traffic addressed to NodePort services can reach every pods, even when those pods are running in remote clusters.
```

> - `LoadBalancerExposition`: The capability to expose services via LoadBalancer type when those services target pods running in remote clusters. This ensures that cloud provider load balancers can properly distribute traffic to offloaded pods. When this feature has limitations, it may impact the ability to use cloud load balancers with offloaded workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LoadBalancerExposition`: The capability to expose remote offloaded pods via LoadBalancer services. This ensures that cloud provider load balancers can properly distribute traffic to offloaded pods. When this feature has limitations, it may impact the ability to use cloud load balancers with offloaded workloads.
```

> - `ExternalIPRemapping`: The ability to make external IPs (outside of the Kubernetes cluster network) accessible to pods running in remote clusters. This involves translating IP addresses between clusters with potentially overlapping network ranges, ensuring that pods in one cluster can access external resources that are only directly reachable from another cluster. Limitations here may affect connectivity to external services or resources. See [here](../advanced/external-ip-remapping.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ExternalIPRemapping`: The ability to make external IPs (outside of the Kubernetes cluster network) accessible to pods running in remote and local clusters. This involves translating IP addresses between clusters with potentially overlapping network ranges, ensuring that pods in one cluster can access external resources that are only directly reachable from another cluster. Limitations here may affect connectivity to external services or resources. See [here](../advanced/external-ip-remapping.md) for more details.
```
